well I'm here for me target X misty
how's it going to Exmouth e I'm okay
yeah
why only okay you just want I'm always
been different okay you say that but
this is the first time I've talked to
you since you joined of mortals and I
wanna I wanted to start off the
interview by pointing out you seem like
a completely different person
you're like alright you used to just
like sit on your phone not do anything
stay inside but you would like a DC
during the break
EDC no no you went to another rave we
got easy seasons weekend what was it I
don't know what you're talking with or
something I was uh I was I watched
Coachella on TV oh yeah you would know
you went to Coachella there's pictures
of this and you're like break what do
you want me to do I not come complaining
about it but like the exceed that I've
known for like five years never went to
like shows or like parties or whatever
know that I do know that I know that
very well I mean so okay is this is this
are you changing are you like trying to
get out more like see the world like
experience telling besides video game
blast Travis I'm not betting advice I
think this is good is it good though yes
I'm pretty easy I'm pretty close right
you know I just a pretty recluse I'm
literally just staying home play pub G
my friend that's all I do
but that's what you did before now you
don't do that you go out alright
sure whatever I'm not saying you're
doing the stuff during the split but I
do think on days off it seems like
you're you're out doing stuff or
whatever it's good maybe are you trying
to find better balance ah I'm just bored
oh you're finally done at you're bored
of just staying in all the time yeah
pretty much that's good alright let's oh
wait yeah because I also saw you at a
party I didn't go to a party I was
during the break oh it was in your bag
after it was scarce party oh yeah well
Jimmy's my boy I have to yeah I have to
you have to look out for him that's the
only reason I'm there I don't think you
ever looked out before wait what
me and Jimmy are Sokol you can ask him
when did you look out for him doesn't
matter there's like passes the past yeah
alright whatever
let's talk about how things are going
with the more
you know I'm sure you you kind of answer
this question a couple times but would
love to hear from you what are the
differences for you playing on immortals
for CLG um I feel like the the
communication is more lacks in mortals
but um soul-g is much more like I say
like sophisticated like it like
communicators are like more
sophisticated to like a lot of specifics
here is just like pretty general just
like how did you just do that and then
they take care of the micro stuff and
yeah like the like atmosphere is just
different than I'd like the past like it
makes me memorize reminds me of like
Vulcan is that a good thing um it's a
good embed thing I think do you feel
like the communication has to evolve so
you can do more or is this like a system
that'll work
I think you should always be keep like
improving I think like our coach is
working on like according to I was
working on that and then we're working
on that and you know hopefully we're
just going to keep getting better now I
remember when it got announced the swap
between you and Doc a lot of people are
like this doesn't do anything for either
team I actually saw a lot of people who
felt as though it wasn't anything more
than like a side grade or that nobody
was really going to improve or whatever
and yeah it looks like a mortal's is
doing very well did you expect to do so
well and do you think that it's because
your involvement I think we just got
lucky
is it true you think it's just lucky hmm
okay so if you like where would you
actually place you guys from like a
strengths perspective wait what was the
Power Rankings before like this week the
ESPN ones I don't watch I don't go there
okay
ah about Jimmy's Jimmy's rankings I
forgot like I think we're like 7th or
something's maybe they're really I don't
I need to go check this I think you're
trolling alright so but do you actually
think it is luck heard you guys do you
think that the team is doing well um
[Music]
both a little luck trying to be general
but yeah yeah a little luck little
strength like everyone's doing pretty
well though like everyone on my team has
been improving
a lot like really really fast and yeah
we just keep learning from each other
and then I keep giving a lot of feedback
because uh like like the coaching staff
in seulji back then what actually was
like really good so like even before
like Mike grant Chris and like everyone
was uh helped me a lot so do you how do
you feel you've changed as a jungler and
as a person in the last three weeks last
three weeks um learn to be more patient
since uh like before like the week
before uh
LCS started like everyone was actually
like I was just like everywhere so like
everyone just wants to make their own
thing like I want just wants to I'll
play people and then like I kind of told
them like it's not really how like the
game work like just you don't need you
don't need to do that to win the game so
and then they listened so like everyone
is like rapidly improving very good what
is life like on immortals ah pretty nice
um it's like we're like we live really
really close in LCF CLG was really far
it was like 15 minute drive or something
but this was like a five minute drive
and I'm the one driving so like I like
it
oh you drive like you're the driver
yeah Chandler Ellis right I love driving
I love driving too well sometimes not
not in like crowded freeways I hate cars
what do you do you drive your own car is
there like an immortal VIN like a Nissan
Rogue okay wait don't show the gameplay
it's not like that
blacked-out BMW over there with the red
rims maybe gotta be mine excellent yeah
you guys can cut through yeah it's okay
I don't it's not a professional company
anymore I just don't worry
yeah hello hello see we don't even have
to try hard anymore like I don't work
for big companies Travis's quality I
like before people don't have
expectations so I mean let's be clear
they did have very high expectations
before now they do that there's like no
brand name attached to this closet
it was nice you know I know well I like
that was lifting their expectations yeah
who lifted people's expectations of me
oh I like now that I'm on my own that's
just it's um you know
much much a homeless homeless unemployed
person is interviewing me right now
exactly I mean we live in Los Angeles
there's a lot of resources for someone
like me all right
other than that anything that you want
to say to any of your fans xmithie
um as always thank you for all the fans
and thank you to our new sponsors HBO
media there's actually pretty nice
computers huh it goes over your heart
right yeah under like it's there in my
heart
exactly and in your heart on your heart
all over the place matter dude doesn't
doesn't really matter I just saying I'm
trying to help you out not you're trying
to you're trying to make an argument
about something that does not need to be
an argument so argue it I was just
pointing out how good yeah you can check
out rest of the coverage here again I
don't know what's happening with camera
it's the first day we're figuring stuff
out just the way I'm figuring stuff out
with my life you can check out the rest
of our coverage here these are flip
flops and again they're off camera it's
great nobody need to know that Thanks
hey I'm not running ads on any of these
videos because all of you are ad
blocking them anyway so if you want to
support me you could do so over at
Travis gaffer comm slash support